BEA quarterly GDP per US state data import (#58)
datacommonsorg/data: scripts/us_bea/states_gdp/us_state_gdp_quarterly_import_config.txt

import: {
  import_name: "USStatesQuarterlyGDP"
  provenance_url: "https://www.bea.gov/data/gdp/gdp-state"

>   provenance_description: "Quarterly data on inflation-adjusted GDP at a State level in the US"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  provenance_description: "Quarterly data on inflation-adjusted GDP at a state level in the United States"
```

>   provenance_description: "Quarterly data on inflation-adjusted GDP at a state level in the United States"

Reviewer 2: Please include the source in the description "... from the US Bureau of Economic Analysis

Author: Done.

  # Path to the resolved MCF. Can be a repeated field.
  mcf_url: "gs://resolved_mcf/external_tables/USStateQuarterlyGDPs062020v5/nodes.mcf-00000-of-00001"
  # First date of imported data.
  start_date: "2015-03-01"
  # Last date of imported data.
  end_date: "2019-12-01"
  # Source data release schedule.

>   update_frequency: "Quarterly"

Reviewer 3: Is this the right format for frequency?  shouldn't it be P3M?
